student_docs/weekly_journal/week02/anna.md, before:

# Learning objectives

## 1. Advance responsive front-end development using modern frameworks

    I attempted to make the Figma prototype responsive, but as I was also learning how to effectively use Figma itself, it was far too time consuming and I abandoned the effort. 

## 2. Strengthen CSS and visual design decision-making
    This week I tried to consider good design and layout in the Figma prototype. I referenced standard web layouts and kept colour cohesion and contrast in mind while designing the prototype. 

    Below is a pdf with the first sketch of the design, and that can be compared to the first Figma prototype here:
    https://www.figma.com/proto/viC7pLOVPqCnz635LqyWhT/CA-Prototype-1?page-id=6%3A2&node-id=6-3&viewport=60%2C164%2C0.22&t=cEJaA0IuxYApmylX-1&scaling=min-zoom&content-scaling=fixed&starting-point-node-id=6%3A3 

## 3. Learn to design and implement automated GUI tests
N/A

## 4. Use Figma more efficiently for interactive design and iteration

    Expand knowledge of Figma’s advanced features (such as components, auto-layout, and interactive prototyping) to create and iterate on interface designs more efficiently and communicate design decisions.
    Before starting work on the prototype, I spent an hour watching Figma tutorials and kept a document of the videos I had watched, and some keyboard shortcuts shown in the video. I also googled how to do things as I went to try and do things more efficiently. 
    I struggled with auto-layout, but got a decent grasp on how to use components. Learning how to use the grid guidelines made designing much easier. On the next prototype I hope to re-evaluate the use of things like variables and further build on components to make the workflow more efficient now that I know the basics. 

    Notes:
Responsive web design in Figma.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9S2YLfH1K4 

Figma prototyping 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1iwiHJrAWI

figma design basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ1sfKIl50E

figma project organization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz4VnO3_hto

Figma auto layout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyaGpGDFczw

Figma components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIWCR3yd8R0

Making a dropdown menu in Figma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoD4ThC-ECI

shift + G for hiding/ showing gridlines 
shift + A for auto layout
control + G for group
Shift + space for open preview
ctrl + click for bottom layer
shift + enter for parent

## 5: Efficient meeting preparation and participation
    To prepare for the student's meeting, I had thought of some issues to discuss mentally, but did not write them out or particularly devote time to preparing for the meeting as I had hoped. The meeting itself was focused, so my lack of preparation wasn't a hinderance. 
    I had a later meeting with Vivian to discuss the design and flow of the prototype and split up responsibilites. 
    Overall in all meetings I took good enough notes that I was not confused about anything that was required of me after that meeting. 

ADD NOTES
## 6: Sustainable time management across courses

    This week I spent a lot of time learning how to use Figma and making the prototype. I spent 15 hours working on the course, which is more than I would have liked, and I did not achieve my goal of keeping the workload proportional to my other courses. 
    I used my planner reasonably well to keep track of tasks, but they lacked specificity. I did achieve what I wanted to achieve for the week, and in retrospect it would have been difficult to further break up my tasks, because in the case of making a prototype, I wasn't exactly sure what would be involved and I worked well figuring it out as I went.

Commit message:

Revise week 02 journal with design and time management insights
Updated weekly journal entries for week 02, including reflections on Figma usage, design decisions, and time management. Added notes on Figma shortcuts and a mock-up PDF link.

student_docs/weekly_journal/week02/anna.md, after:

# Learning objectives

## 1. Advance responsive front-end development using modern frameworks

    I attempted to make the Figma prototype responsive, but as I was also learning how to effectively use Figma itself, it was far too time consuming and I abandoned the effort. 

## 2. Strengthen CSS and visual design decision-making
    This week I tried to consider good design and layout in the Figma prototype. I referenced standard web layouts and kept colour cohesion and contrast in mind while designing the prototype. Sketching the design I had in my head on my iPad first was helpful to figure out the layout and think through interactions without the burden of new software (Figma). I did not sketch up my design for the code viewing portion, and that lead to miscommunications with Vivian about what I thought that part of the Figma would look like. 

    Below is a pdf with the first sketch of the design, and that can be compared to the first Figma prototype here:
    https://www.figma.com/proto/viC7pLOVPqCnz635LqyWhT/CA-Prototype-1?page-id=6%3A2&node-id=6-3&viewport=60%2C164%2C0.22&t=cEJaA0IuxYApmylX-1&scaling=min-zoom&content-scaling=fixed&starting-point-node-id=6%3A3 
[Mock up.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/24811702/Mock.up.pdf)

## 3. Learn to design and implement automated GUI tests
N/A

## 4. Use Figma more efficiently for interactive design and iteration

    Before starting work on the prototype, I spent an hour watching Figma tutorials and kept a document of the videos I had watched, and some keyboard shortcuts shown in the video. I also googled how to do things as I went to try and do things more efficiently. 
    It took quite a while to figure out how to position things the way I wanted, but it wasn't too challenging to setup the interactions between frames since I learned that for CSC318. I struggled with auto-layout, but got a decent grasp on how to use components. Learning how to use the grid guidelines made designing much easier. On the next prototype I hope to re-evaluate the use of variables and further build on components to make the workflow more efficient now that I know the basics. 

    Notes:
Responsive web design in Figma.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9S2YLfH1K4 

Figma prototyping 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1iwiHJrAWI

figma design basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ1sfKIl50E

figma project organization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz4VnO3_hto

Figma auto layout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyaGpGDFczw

Figma components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIWCR3yd8R0

Making a dropdown menu in Figma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoD4ThC-ECI

shift + G for hiding/ showing gridlines 

shift + A for auto layout

control + G for group

Shift + space for open preview

ctrl + click for bottom layer

shift + enter for parent

## 5: Efficient meeting preparation and participation
    To prepare for the student's meeting, I had thought of some issues to discuss mentally, but did not write them out or particularly devote time to preparing for the meeting as I had hoped. The meeting itself was focused, so my lack of preparation wasn't a hinderance. 
    I had a later meeting with Vivian to discuss the design and flow of the prototype and split up responsibilites. 
    Overall in all meetings I took good enough notes that I was not confused about anything that was required of me after that meeting. 

<img width="802" height="717" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0cedf8c6-d7ce-41f0-ab30-d310d60b3142" />

## 6: Sustainable time management across courses

    This week I spent a lot of time learning how to use Figma and making the prototype. I spent 13 hours working on the course, which is more than I would have liked, and I did not achieve my goal of keeping the workload proportional to my other courses. 
    I used my planner reasonably well to keep track of tasks, but they lacked specificity. I did achieve what I wanted to achieve for the week, and in retrospect it would have been difficult to further break up my tasks, because in the case of making a prototype, I wasn't exactly sure what would be involved and I worked well figuring it out as I went.
